Execution service metrics are disabled by default in 2.7.4+ (#509)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.8.0/docs/canton/usermanual/monitoring.rst

- **type**:
    The type of the execution service: `fork_join <https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/concurrent/ForkJoinPool.html>`_ and `thread_pool <https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/concurrent/ThreadPoolExecutor.html>`_ are supported

> .. note:: These metrics are disabled by default to avoid a negative performance impact under high load scenarios.
>     They can be turned back on by setting the following configuration value: ``canton.monitoring.metrics.report-execution-context-metrics = true``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: These metrics are inactive by default to avoid a negative performance impact under high-load scenarios.
    They can be activated by setting the following configuration value: ``canton.monitoring.metrics.report-execution-context-metrics = true``
```
